here's what's going on at the movies The
BFG offers fantastic fantasy fare for
the whole family as Steven Spielberg
brings Roald Dahl's classic tale about a
young girl and a Big Friendly Giant to
life
Collective Tarzan swings into theaters
for an action-packed adventure that
finds the now civilized Tarzan called
back to protect his jungle home
the purge has to come to an end in the
third installment of the horror
franchise the purge election year
follows Leo Barnes as he attempts to
protect the presidential candidate who
promises to end purge night
and finally let's find out what's hot in
theaters this weekend with this week's
fantasy patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket